Update Modern Web Apps eBook with Blazor WebAssembly Content (#19737)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/choose-between-traditional-web-and-single-page-apps.md

Blazor provides a new, third option to consider when evaluating whether to build a purely server-rendered web application or a SPA. You can build rich, SPA-like client-side behaviors using Blazor, without the need for significant JavaScript development. Blazor applications can call APIs to request data or perform server-side operations. They can interoperate with JavaScript where necessary to take advantage of JavaScript libraries and frameworks.

Consider building your web application with Blazor when:

- Your application must expose a rich user interface

- Your team is more comfortable with .NET development than JavaScript or TypeScript development

> If you have an existing web forms application you're considering migrating to .NET Core, you may wish to review the free e-book, [Blazor for Web Forms Developers](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/architecture/blazor-for-web-forms-developers/) to see whether it makes sense to consider migrating it to Blazor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an existing web forms application you're considering migrating to .NET Core, you may wish to review the free e-book, [Blazor for Web Forms Developers](../blazor-for-web-forms-developers/index.md) to see whether it makes sense to consider migrating it to Blazor.
```
